(film reel clicking)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- [Man] Yeah. bruh.
Get over here. man.
- [Man] Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- [Man] Man.
- [Man] Yo get his legs.
that's the foundation.
(man shouts)
(laughing)
- Yo. why was you at the
house last night. dog?
- [Man] Man. I don't even know you. man.
- Talk. talk.
- What's your name. man?
- Talk.
- [Man] I aint no snitch. boy.
I don't know what you're talking about.
- Hey yo. code green leprechaun.
Let's get it.
Huh. huh?
(overlapping chatter)
(bell tolls)
- There's a time for everything.
A season for every activity under the sun.
There's a time to be
born and a time to die.
A time to plant and a time to uproot.
A time to kill.
A time to heal.
A time to tear down.
A time to build up.
Time to weep.
Time to laugh.
A time to mourn.
A time to dance.
Brothers and sisters. today.
Is a day to mourn.
We mourn today for our beloved
brother Michael Washington.
The earthly ties that bind us together
have forever been severed.
It can never be restored.
(sobbing)
Michael has ascended.
Amen.
I want to tell you something.
As the pastor of Mount Zion Church
to do funerals.
- [Woman] Yes.
- And I can tell you.
brothers and sisters.
that I have done many many funerals.
But today. this funeral.
this funeral for Michael is personal.
It touches me here.
- [Woman] Amen.
- You see. I've known Michael
since he was a little boy.
I saw his ultrasound.
Probably before anybody
else. other than the family.
Aretha came. she was happy.
she just showed it off.
I want to tell you something.
It gave me great joy to know this boy.
He was probably one of
the most behaved children
that have ever come into my congregation.
(crowd agreeing)
- Yes. he was.
Yeah.
You said it.
You say it.
- In this church!
- Yes. sir.
- Him and his brother.
were tight. they were close.
I never had to. Michael
come here and sit down.
Uh uh. not Michael.
'cause Michael was good.
That was a good boy.
Now. Sister Aretha
I know you wanted a quiet service
but your baby boy. Jerome.
has got something to say
and I think we should indulge him.
Brother Jerome?
Take the floor.
- Come on. J. you got this.
You good.
- We're with you.
- You aight.
- Take your time son. take your time.
- Um. hi y'all.
I'm Jerome.
- Hi. Jerome.
- It's all right. baby.
- Most of y'all knew me already but
aint know my brother Michael.
He aint been around the church in awhile
and I know y'all haven't seen
me there in awhile neither.
I don't know what happened to him.
Not just that day in the streets
but months and months before. too.
Michael and me. we've been drifting.
- It's all right baby.
- I aint gonna deny it.
- God's got you.
- Go on. talk about it.
Talk about it.
- Go ahead.
- But my brother was a believer.
Just like me and my momma.
It doesn't matter how long
its been since I talked to her
and Michael Washington.
he believed that there
was something more and I
pray deep down in my soul
that that's where he is.
- It's gonna be all right.
- And now we're all
left here to pick up the pieces.
But I'm gonna take care
of my momma and Keesha
and if y'all could watch
their backs out here. too.
- Don't worry about it.
- We're here for you.
Yes. we're here for it.
- I know Michael will. too.
(overlapping talk in crowd)
(soft reflective music)
- It's gonna be all right.
Bless him. lord. bless him.
- [Woman] It's all right. baby.
Its gonna be all right.
- And Jerome. yes. we will
always take care of you
and your mother and your family.
We will hold you close
in our hearts forever.
Yes we will.
But now Michael's wife. his widow.
would like a few words to say.
Before she comes. let's pray.
Soul of Jesus.
- [All] Sanctify me.
- [Pastor] Body of Jesus.
- [All] Save me.
- Keesha.
- Jerome.
(shushes)
- [Pastor] Blood of Christ.
- [All] Strengthen me.
- I know you lie.
- Water from the side of Jesus.
- [All] Watch me.
- Passion of Jesus.
- [All] Strengthen me.
- Oh Jesus. hear me lord.
- [All] Hear me.
- Amen.
Amen.
- Sister Keesha. please.
we open ourselves up
to your words.
- Thank you. Pastor Rodney.
- You're welcome.
- Good morning. everyone.
- Good morning.
- We love you Keesha.
- Yes. yes.
Yeah.
- And I love you. too.
I love all of you.
And you know I want to thank y'all
for all coming here for
me. Jerome. and Aretha.
It means the world to us.
But I got to keep it real. y'all.
this is not the hardest day
for me out of this whole thing.
Like Michael was fading
away. he was getting distant.
You know but then the night
that whenever he didn't come home
and then the next night
and then the next night.
that was a secret I held on for so long.
It was the hardest.
- Didn't tell us for two weeks
that Michael was missing.
What kind of woman--
- Mama.
We don't know what it was like.
- No. we don't.
Because she didn't tell us.
- [Keesha] But that's why the day his body
was found in the street was such a relief.
- I'm sorry. what she saying?
(crowd grumbling)
- What?
- Like yeah like. see I
don't want to remember
an idea we're all making up here.
I want us all to know the truth.
Michael didn't hit me
or nothing like that.
I'm not finna say that.
But he wasn't no husband.
I mean. he wasn't a bad man but I mean
he wasn't no good one.
(crowd grumbling)
You know what I'm saying?
- [Man] I'll take care of you. Keesha.
(crowd grumbling)
- [Man] Did she really say that?
- [Keesha] But I know y'all
wasn't expecting this.
- Did she really say that?
- Honestly. I didn't know if
I was gonna even come up here
but I always keep it 100 and
I'm not about to change today.
- That no good little.
- A lot of y'all are sad
today remember what y'all
are thinking that
Michael was in your head.
- [Man] She got. I know
the heifer didn't say that.
- But I'm also glad
that it's finally over.
(crowd grumbling)
- [Man] She got. I know
the heifer didn't say that.
(crowd grumbling)
- [Woman] What?
Girl.
Wait a minute (shushes)
let me hear. let me hear.
- That's all I got to say. though.
- [Man] That heifer said that?
(crowd grumbling)
- We gonna pray. we
gonna have to leave now.
The ushers have prepared some refreshments
for us downstairs.
- She's a hot one.
- Please the join the
family with fellowship
and repass right after this.
- You know what I mean. bro?
I feel like we were right on the brink
of solving the code man.
we're like right there.
Hey. how y'all doing. how y'all doing?
- Thank you so much for coming.
Thank you so much.
- Hey man. you almost
cracked the code. bro.
I'm telling you. man.
you know what I'm saying.
like you know. I like to say.
life is like a Rubik's Cube. bro.
You just got to have the right--
- Algorithm. right?
Right. algorithm.
- You know what I mean?
Just find the. find the. find the rhythm.
The alger.
- The algorithm.
- The algorithm baby. come on now.
You know what to do.
- Yeah but this girl. Keesha. man.
it's like. we'll talk about one thing
and then. she'll just do
the complete opposite. bro.
Like Kevin. I don't think you get it. bro.
Like. we'll agree on one
thing and then she wants
to do her own thing.
- Facts. that's facts. that's facts.
But you got it. though.
You a smart. you know what I mean.
so it's only a matter of time before.
you know. crack the code
and do what you got to do
but you know what I'm saying.
just keep your foundation intact
and you can't--
- Yeah but Keesha acts like she don't know
how to know say. man.
Yo. so when should I even talk to her like
'cause I aint feeling it today. man.
- No. no I think she over there right now.
You might just want to
holler at her right now. bro.
But you already know what to do. bro.
You know what to lock in.
I mean there's no time like the present.
The present is the gift.
Its around Kwanza time.
you know what I'm saying.
so its time to go.
- You're saying handle it right now?
- I think you should for real go.
- Find the algorithm right now?
- Let's get it. let's get it. bro.
You got that.
My man. no doubt.
All right. all right. all right.
- [Keesha] Girl. Jerome
won't even look at me now.
- Listen. Keesha. this was your truth.
If that's how you was feeling.
then that's what it is.
- Keesha. you aint tell me you
were gonna say none of that.
Come on. girl. just in my mama's face?
- Jerome. calm the hell down.
- Brianna. you aint a part of this.
- I'm just saying. you always
so hysterical and crazy.
It aint that serious. chill out.
- I aint asking if you just saying.
We friends and right now
I'm talking to family.
So I'ma need you to step.
- [Brianna] Excuse me. step?
- Okay. okay. okay y'all.
- Aint nobody stepping nowhere.
Make me step.
- I'm gonna just see
you tonight. all right.
- You aint gonna do nothing. Jerome.
You aint about that life.
- I'm gonna see you tonight. girl. aight.
- Yeah. we gonna see tonight.
I'm gonna see you tonight.
We gonna see.
- I'm gonna see you tonight.
Look. chill.
- Yo. Keesha that was--
- You know I got to say what I feel.
That's the way I've always been.
I aint got to lie to nobody.
- Keesha you don't got to lie.
You just got to keep your mouth shut.
- Excuse me?
Who are you telling to
keep they mouth shut?
- I'm just saying. Keesha.
you don't got to put words in my mouth
or my mama's.
This whole thing got me so confused.
I don't know how I'm feeling or nothing.
- Jerome. he just stopped talking
and then you know he was working
down at that gas station.
coming home with $50 in scratch tickets
smelling like liquor. smelling like weed
and all that shit like that
hanging out with them shady characters.
- Nah. Jerome was gonna
start that foundation.
Boy him and me talked
about since we was little.
- Yeah. yeah okay yes
swimming. basketball. homework.
yeah I heard this speech before
and that's all it ever was.
- He told me took out a loan.
He got cleared for some money
and that he was gonna start stuff up.
For real this time.
- Uh I thought you two
wasn't talking. though?
- Not much but he called me all excited
and I thought things were
gonna start being different
this time but then this
dude disappears again.
I don't get it. Keesha.
I just don't get it.
- You know he was. J.
he talked and talked and talked
but when he woke up the next morning
he didn't remember shit.
It wasn't you. it was him.
- Well what about that money?
You got to know about that. too. though.
- Man. look. I don't know
nothing about no loan.
Maybe he said something when he was drunk
or something like that.
In fact. he got it from one
of them people at the gas station.
I don't know. I don't
know who he's been talking
to lately. seriously.
- Jerome.
A word.
- Oh my god.
- Mama--
- She talking more junk?
- Nah. mama.
She's hurting too. its complicated.
- Yeah that's what I've been
telling everyone inside.
Lord help me. I think they believe it.
- And you don't?
- She can think what she thinks
but that little girl needs to grow up
and realize that today
is not at all about her.
- She knows that.
- I don't think so. Jerome.
- Mama. why you always gotta be like this?
- Me?
- You know how Michael was getting.
- I know my boy.
He was lost but he was
finding his way back.
- She knows that. too.
Just give her time.
She fronting 'cause she's scared.
- I don't want her in my house. Jerome.
- Mama.
- I'm not done.
But I will have her there
because I don't want people talking.
Aint nothing worse than people talking.
- She don't got nobody right now just us.
She'll come around.
I'll talk to her.
- You better knock some
sense into her. Jerome.
(tense hip hop)
(Keesha laughing)
- Oh baby.
God damn.
What the fuck?
What's wrong with you. now?
What's wrong now?
- Keesha. we can't do this.
- Why?
Like what's wrong with you?
Like come on. we down here.
- No. no I can't.
I can't right now.
- Why?
- 'cause. it's wrong.
- What's wrong about it?
Let them you hear scream.
Baby. I want them to hear us.
- What?
- Like. I don't understand
what's going on with you.
- I can't. I can't be
doing this right now.
It's not right. Keesha.
- What's not right about it?
- Everything.
- Everything?
Like we've been doing it for this long.
Like I can't believe you
doing this right now.
Like are you fucking kidding me?
- Will you keep your voice down?
- Who's gonna hear?
- Oh I don't know. everyone upstairs.
- So what?
- No.
(metal clangs)
- Come on. baby.
- Knock knock.
- Yo. Kev. give us a second will ya?
- [Kevin] Yo. what y'all
two banging in here?
- Hell nah.
- She was getting emotional.
Wanted to talk and all that.
- Anyway. yo Aretha wanted
to talk to you both. man.
Party's over. hasn't been
going about 20 minutes
but she wants to talk to you both. man.
As for me. you already I got
another business to handle.
I got a lot of meetings.
you know what I'm saying.
I got people to say. you
know what I'm saying.
I'm a man of many hats.
This is just one of them.
You know what I'm saying?
- Okay.
- I was telling you about that.
You remember?
Nah?
Anyway. I'm out. peace.
Oh. oh yeah your mom did
say she really did want
to talk to you.
So y'all should probably go handle that.
Peace.
(soft tense hip hop)
- That was out of order
what she said.
- I know.
I know. I'ma handle it.
(door shuts)
- Let me. you two got to talk.
Okay. I'm gonna leave you alone.
Just talk. talk.
- Keesha.
I've been thinking.
I know you're in pain
and you don't even know it
but I forgive you for
the things you said today
because we are family and
that's the most important thing.
- Thank you. Aretha.
You're family to me. too
and I don't regret marrying Michael.
He brought me to all of you.
It's time for us to start
building something new.
I don't have much else to say right now
but I just want you to
know that that's true.
- To Michael.
(soft R&B)
Hey baby. I missed you.
(giggling)
(soft R&B)
(laughing)
- What you doing. Jerome?
(screaming)
- Mike what the?
Michael.
- What the hell?
Boy what is wrong with you?
- Michael. Michael. he was just...
- What?
- Over there.
- No he's not.
- But I just!
- There is nobody there.
He is not there.
- But I just saw.
- He is dead. J.
He's dead.
- I know.
- He's not here.
He's never gonna be here again. J.
It's just me and you.
When you gonna tell people about us?
- Keesha.
There aint no us right now.
Look.
We both miss Michael. aight.
We've been messing around
and it's been fun but.
- But what?
- But I don't know what tomorrow is.
I don't know what next
week is or next month is.
I got to figure my stuff out.
- What's there to figure out?
Don't you like all of this?
- Keesha.
- Come on. J.
Just let me...
- No. no. no!
Not now.
- Oh. okay.
All right then. all right then.
well then you figure it
the fuck out. all right?
You figure it out. then.
How bout that?
Figure that shit out.
(low tense music)
(objects clattering)
- Oh hell no.
What the fuck?
Yeah you better run.
- What is going on down here?
- Somebody was just up in here.
- What you mean?
- Somebody broke in. mama.
- Oh my god.
What they want?
- I don't know.
- I'm calling the police.
- Wait mama. don't call.
- What you talking 'bout?
- He dropped this.
I'ma take care of it. I got it.
- Child you done lost your mind.
- I got this. I'm gonna take care of it.
- Baby. you do not put
yourself in harms way.
We call the police and let
the police take care of this.
- Like they did last time?
- Oh come on now.
- Look. they ran off
'cause they were scared.
I got them.
- No. you best be safe.
Boy I got to catch my breath.
Give me a minute.
- What's up. J?
- Yo. Kevin. man. we got
to meet up tomorrow. bro.
- Word?
- Yo. some dude
just broke into my mama's house.
- What?
- Yo. trashing the place
like he was looking
for something. man.
Yo I chased him up out of there but.
well he dropped something before he left.
- What?
- A receipt from Kbarr.
- Oh that's where I do karaoke on Tuesday.
- Yeah. yeah man that's the one.
Yo why don't you say
you and me meet tomorrow
like around noon to see
if we can figure out
who this guy was.
- Damn. J.
You a straight detective.
You know I'm in.
- Aight. man.
Tomorrow.
- Hey. man. J. I got to go though.
Man I got a girl on the side right now.
you know what I'm saying. shorty real.
you know what I'm saying. she ready.
you know what I'm saying?
I really got her in a good place
so I don't want to screw that thing up.
You know you only got a
small little window of time
that you could really exercise.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean. I saw you downstairs.
I know you know what I'm saying.
You know what I'm saying?
- Word. bro.
- Word.
So I'ma gonna go tend to
that situation real quick.
Aight?
Peace.
- Thanks. mama.
- You know I'm always looking out for you
but baby. you best be
looking out for yourself.
(tense somber rap music)
- Girl. I just had a bomb pedicure.
I thought you was coming.
- Girl. I couldn't. girl.
I had too much on my mind.
- So anyway. how you
feeling about everything?
- Girl you know dealing with
this family is tricky right now
like for real. like
there's too much going on.
- Girl. it's been tricky.
How you think its not gonna
be tricky dealing with two.
three of the brothers?
- I'm sick of you girl like but for real.
like Aretha. his mom.
she don't like me. dog.
I know she don't.
- Girl. don't worry about his mother.
You got it. it's okay.
- Yeah.
- So listen.
You know I've been wanting to you ask you
you know a little something.
- Oh lord. what is it?
I know how your questions be.
What?
- Who is bigger?
- Girl I'm not finna
play with you with this.
Like really today?
Like this is not. this--
- Jerome or Michael.
Who is bigger?
- I'm not gonna do this.
Like really?
- Listen. I done heard about
Michael in these streets
but Jerome I aint heard nothing
about him here or there.
(both chirp like birds)
- I'm not finna playing with you girl.
You got me acting crazy. look.
- You could tell me when to stop.
- I'm not finna play with you.
We not finna do this.
Like seriously. no. no. no.
I don't know.
- this big?
- No.
- Cross your legs.
- I'm not finna play with you.
- They already cross.
This big?
This big.
Oh my.
- I don't know. girl.
I'm sick of you.
- Tell me when to stop.
- I'm not playing.
Stop.
- This big?
(laughing)
'Cause I'm trying to find out.
- Okay. look.
No. nah but for real
like dead ass though.
Jerome was acting crazy
as hell last night.
Like he was acting real. like for real.
- What. what happened?
- Girl. we was doing our thing.
we were. you know. what I'm saying.
knocking. you know. knocking it down
and then. girl. all of a sudden.
dude say his brother name.
- What?
- Yes. like dead ass.
said his brothers name.
Like. he was like.
(grunting)
Michael. I'm like what the fuck?
- What in the entire world?
- Like yes. girl. dead ass.
- Are you kidding me?
- No.
Up on me. like. girl. like.
- I would of lost my damn mind.
- I'm like what like really
like while we doing it
like you thinking about your brother.
- Get his ass up from me.
Uh uh.
- Yeah that's why I was like.
you gonna have to raise up. bruh.
- Wait.
- Like yeah.
- He must have something on his mind
to be doing that foolishness.
You think he knows something?
- guilty conscience.
I don't know.
No.
- That's a little weird
to be saying your
brother's name while you.
come on now.
- I don't know.
I don't think he knows.
- No?
- I don't think so.
Well.
- I don't know. that
sounded a little funky like.
- I don't. girl. but he
aint gonna let it go though.
No. no girl.
It was a little strange
to me but I don't know.
You know what I'm saying?
- I mean have he text you?
- Nah. nah.
I don't know. girl. my phone been dead.
I aint even been worrying about it.
- Oh so you ghosted him?
- No I'm not.
I'm just--
- I think you need to cut that phone on
to find out what's going on with him.
- Girl I'm just letting
him know who's in charge
and you know keeping him at arms length.
you know what I'm saying.
Just let him know who's in charge.
You know what?
- Arms length?
- I'm not finna...
I'm tired of you with.
- I'm just saying.
I'm trying to figure it out
'cause you never really answered me.
- We sat down. first thing you
talking 'bout is (laughing).
- Anyways.
Um. I heard they were having
a sale up at the plaza
on shoes. you know. buy one get one
or is it two for one kind
of like Jerome and Michael
buy two get one free type thing?
- Shut up. you!
You know what?
I'm sick of you saying that.
I can't tell you shit.
- So let's go up there and check it out.
- Yeah right. okay.
Yeah. let's go.
- Jerome. Michael.
(overlapping talking)
- Okay okay so you trying to be like me.
(soft instrumental music)
- Sister Aretha.
- Pastor Rodney.
- Beautiful day. isn't it?
- The day the lord has made.
- Amen.
- Please. come on in.
- Don't mind if I do.
How you holding up?
- Well.
- Spring cleaning?
- Some of Michael's clothing.
Keesha brought them by to
see if there was anything
that I needed to keep.
- And is there?
- His jersey.
First communion cross.
But I'm gonna let you bring
these things back to the church.
Better to bless those in need.
- It's always better to
share your love with others.
- Even if you have a broken heart?
- The lord saves those with a broken heart
and he saves those who
are crushed in the spirit.
- Psalms 33.
- 34 but you were real close.
- Can I get you anything?
Coffee. tea?
- Coffee.
Black.
- I know how you like it.
- I know you do.
- Jerome. you better say
good afternoon to the pastor.
- Afternoon. Pastor Rodney.
- Good afternoon. Jerome.
- And you think you gonna
run out of this house
without kissing your mama?
- I'm not a kid. ma.
I'm a grown ass man and I got stuff to do.
- Boy. you better not be sassing me.
I brought you into this world
and lord knows I will
bring you up out of it
faster than the white man
run up out of the North End.
Now give me a kiss.
- Mama.
- Jerome.
- Jerome. Jerome. now you know your mama
is one of the most stubborn
women in this whole county.
probably the whole state.
- And proud of it.
- Let me give you some advice.
A pastor to man. pastor to man.
Do what your mama tell you to do
and you'll wake up tomorrow morning.
- Michael didn't.
- Jerome!
Now you know that wasn't
even necessary. man.
- I got to go.
- Jerome!
- He's so angry.
- I know.
- All the time.
- It's to be expected.
- But Rodney. I'm angry. too.
I'm angry. too.
- Aretha. you have
every right to be angry.
- Every morning I wake up and ask god
why my Michael had to be taken away.
why my little boy had to go.
- Aretha--
- But God doesn't answer me. Rodney.
He doesn't answer me.
- Aretha. the lord works
in mysterious ways.
- Well the least he could
do is give me a clue.
- Thank you so much.
Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Oh no.
Uh. no.
That's bad. that's bad. Aretha.
That's horrible.
- You're a handful. Rodney.
- As bad as I was back
when we was in school?
- Worse.
(laughing)
- Aretha. let me ask you something.
I'm serious now. okay.
Are you starting to lose your faith?
- No. I don't. I don't think so.
- That's good cause if you were--
- I believe in God.
- I know you do.
- It's just sometimes I don't
think he believes in me.
- What do you mean. why?
- I have gone to church every Sunday
since I was a little girl.
The little girl in braids
up front at the balcony.
I have gone every Sunday. Rodney.
Lord knows I'm devoted. honest. loyal.
- Strong.
- And then my children.
my community. I have given
everything that I have
to give to the Lord and his glory
and when the man that I
thought shared my values
and beliefs. he took a trip
down to the gas station
and never came back.
I thought God was punishing me.
- Why?
(somber piano music)
- I thought something was wrong with me.
- You never told me that. Aretha.
- I never told anybody.
I thought there was
something wrong with me.
that I wasn't good enough.
So I prayed and prayed and prayed
and asked God for guidance and direction.
that he would protect my
sons from turning out to be
like their daddy was.
- And he did. Aretha.
- Did he. Rodney?
- Yes.
- Because my first baby boy
was found dead in the street
two weeks ago and my house
was broken into by that man.
- This house?
Broken into last night?
- Round about 12 midnight.
I came downstairs for a glass of water
and there was some commotion
going on down here.
- Did y'all call the cops?
- Jerome grabbed a bat
and chased whomever it was
up out of here.
- A bat. a baseball bat?
- I know there has to be
a connection to Michael.
- Why you say that?
- Because all the
nonsense he was going to.
He was so secretive.
- Secrets. what secrets. Aretha?
- I just didn't recognize him anymore.
I don't even know who he is
but I pray Jerome does
not go down that path.
- Aretha. Aretha.
Listen to me.
Jerome is a good man.
He's pure at heart.
- Good men do bad things. Rodney.
- Aretha. listen to me.
Look at me. Aretha.
Forgiveness. forgiveness.
- Forgiveness.
(somber piano music)
I'ma take this nasty
coffee up out of here.
- You gonna make some more though. right?
- I'm not talking to you. Rodney.
- Make some. just change the filter.
All you got to do is change
the filter and add some water.
- There's only so much a mother can do.
- I understand. Aretha.
I really do.
- When was the last time
Jerome was up at the church?
- Sunday.
- What do you mean?
- He was there Sunday.
- He hasn't been to service with me
since he and Michael were both teenagers.
- I didn't say anything
about service. Aretha.
Listen. see.
At the church. you know we
going through the hard times.
you know. we're short
staffed. collections are low.
So a lot of things we
have to do ourself. okay.
so I'm there. you know. every
Sunday I'm always there late.
There was one Sunday about a year ago.
I was coming out of my study
and I walk into the
sanctuary and there he was.
- Pastor.
- Jerome was sitting
right there in the pew.
He was praying
and I walked up to him and
it sounded like he was trying
to find himself.
- Jerome?
- Yes Jerome.
So I just stood there.
I stood there with him
and then he asked me. he said. he said
Pastor is there anything that I can do.
anyway that I can serve the lord?
And so we talked for a little bit
and we prayed and he's been
coming back to this church
every Sunday after service.
He maintains things that
need to be maintained.
He fixes things so that they don't break.
Aretha. the boy is here every Sunday.
- Rodney. why haven't you told me this?
- Aretha...
You know each man has to
navigate these waters for himself
just like each woman has to.
But look here. let me tell you something.
I'll keep an eye out for him. Aretha.
I promise you.
- Thank you. pastor.
- Everybody needs somebody
to look out for 'em.
Hey. even you.
(reflective piano music)
- Bless you. pastor.
- Well look here. I better go.
- Have a good day.
- Yes. I will.
- You be well.
- I'll have somebody over to get it.
Don't you try to bring it down.
I'll send somebody over here.
- It won't go anywhere.
- [Pastor] All right. take care now.
- Jerome.
My baby.
(upbeat rap music)
- What's good man?
Yo. Kev. you got to slow down. man.
(mumbling)
I'm guessing you want to
try that one more time.
- I said. this food is damn good. bro.
Shoot.
Yo. you late by the way. what's up?
- Man. I didn't fall asleep
till damn near sunrise. dog.
Still hyped from chasing home
out of there with a bat. dog.
- Hell yeah. grand slam. pop his ass.
- Word. man.
Mama couldn't fall asleep after that.
so you know who had to stay up with her.
- Damn. man.
That's crazy. man.
Miss W don't deserve that. man.
After all she been through. man.
Shoot.
- Yo. that's why we out here. bro.
That's why we out here.
- Facts. bro.
This is like some top
tier investigatory status.
you know what I mean?
- Feel me.
- Word life. bro.
This is like some real life investigatory
obligatory status. ya mean?
Word.
- Exactly. bro.
- Wait. wait. wait.
But hold up. before we go too far.
did you get to see his face?
You saw his characteristics.
like what's up. bro?
- Yo matter of fact. I
did get my eye on him
for a couple seconds. yo.
Shit. he was kinda tall.
I'll give him that.
Yo. homie was wearing a MAGA hat. bro.
- A MAGA hat?
What?
- Yo. I'm saying.
- Can I get you anything else?
- Hey. uh. do you free
refills on the sodas?
- Yeah.
- All right. I'll take
another Dr. Pepper. then.
Hey Rome. you sure you
don't want anything. bro?
- I'm good.
- I mean. come on. bro.
They got some jalapeno peppers here.
It's crazy.
- Nah. I said I'm good. dog.
- No man. come man. they got
these mozzarella sticks here.
they so good. bro.
Six for the three. bro.
You can't beat that. man.
- We're out of mozzarella sticks.
- Wait you out of what?
- We ran out last night.
- How you gonna sit me here at this table
and not tell me that you're
out of mozzarella sticks?
- Don't get no attitude with me.
- Girl. how old is you. 19 20?
- 29.
How you 29 you don't know how
to have no mozzarella sticks
at the table. girl?
This is a crazy madness blasphemy of a.
dude comes up in here just
looking for a simple meal.
- Excuse me. Kev. Kev. chill out.
I'll take a Dr. Pepper. too. thank you.
- Man. yo.
Hey you the nerve on that girl. bro.
- Yo. Kevin. this is serious. aight.
Yo. whoever trashed my momma's
place probably work here. yo
or he mop around this mother.
But anyway. yo. so just play
it nice with the waitress.
I know she fine. brother.
Just chill. you know. I'm trying
to get some info from her.
feel me?
- Aight. no doubt. aight Jerome.
I feel. I feel.
Word. word. word.
No doubt. no doubt.
Hey yo. so what's up with
you and Keesha by the way?
- I don't know what
you're talking about. man.
- I mean. nah I mean.
like I know y'all too
was messing around and I
wasn't sure if it was still a--
(shushing)
- Yo. come on. dog.
You got to keep your voice down with that.
- Hey. bro. hey hey.
I mean. I know you know
it's been what like.
like five. six hours since I got.
man you know I know what
them eyes look like. bro.
- Yo. I guess I got an idea that
I guess I aint know you knew.
- I didn't but now I do.
I got you.
Yo. so that was y'all messing around
in the basement afterwards. yesterday?
- Yo. Kev. I don't know
what's happening between me
and Keesha. man.
- Damn.
- For real. yo.
- Yo man. I mean damn like.
we just buried Michael. bro.
- Yo Kev. come on with that.
- Come on. three hours after
we put him in the ground. bro.
- Yo. what do you want
from me. dog. for real?
What do you want?
- Yo. you lucky I'm your best friend. man.
Most people wouldn't
get you like this. man.
- Yo listen. man.
I feel terrible about it.
I feel guilty.
Since the start I've been
feeling guilty. all right?
Yo but one. Michael was gone.
two shorty was kind of lonely man.
- And three?
- I don't know>
guess I might of just--
- Wanted that booty?
(laughing)
No doubt.
Hey. what's up. girl?
Aight. right back at ya then.
(laughs)
- Yo. Kev. look this whole
thing is a mess right now. yo.
She wants to start
telling people about us.
she wants it to be the real deal. dog
but I don't even know where
my heads at right now. man.
- I know where one of your heads is at.
(laughing)
- Yo. all I know is I got to figure out
who was in my mama's house last night.
That's the one thing that
I can control out here
right now. bro.
Maybe if I do that. I don't know.
I'll figure out what
stuff Michael was into.
Why he disappeared. word.
- MAGA hat?
- Yo. he was wearing a
MAGA hat. I told you.
- No MAGA hat right there.
- Yo. no way. son.
- Bro. hey you we like
Sherlock and Holmes. bro.
- Nah. nah.
Like you sure that's him. yo?
- Yo. I mean I don't know
how many brothers you know
walking around with a damn MAGA hat
but I feel like I'm looking
at a unicorn right now. bro.
- Yo. yo.
Nah. that's.
- Hi there. how you doing?
- Hey. good. how you doing?
- All right. thanks for the grub.
- You're welcome. Eugene.
- Grub always looking good and
smelling good just like you.
Always got that good thing going on.
A little money for you.
- You serious?
- Yeah. its real. hold it up.
See the watermark.
- Oh. but why?
Hold on now. you must of
hit the lotto or something.
You normally don't be
giving me tips like this.
You gonna--
- No I don't hit the lotto.
I got a couple good
things going on right now.
Positive vibes. hopefully
you're gonna spread
the love a little bit.
- Yo. Jerome. your mom missing any money?
- Nah but yo that's
definitely the guy. yo.
Somethings up for real.
- Okay.
- Positive vibes flowing. you know.
- Okay. I see. I see.
- Spread it out a little bit for you.
What you doing tonight?
- I don't know.
Working.
(mumbling)
Wait a minute. what's your motive now?
You trying to get something?
'cause that's not happening. Eugene.
You gonna have to give
me a lot more than this
to get some of this.
- Okay. well I got more
where that's coming from
so after seven o'clock
come down to Village Pizza.
I'm playing pool. come see me.
- Look. Eugene. I am
not sleeping with you.
That's not happening. I'm sorry.
No. nah nah.
I don't think its gonna happen.
We gonna have to talk a little bit more.
more than that. okay?
- You know its going for 40 nowadays.
so I got another 40 for you.
- I'm not playing you today. Eugene.
Bye. take care.
- Yo. you heard that?
- Yeah.
- So what you thinking?
- Man I got something I got
to take care of right now
but what you doing around seven?
- You already know. let's get it. bro.
(shouting)
- See shorty was looking.
so I let you win.
- Yeah. aight.
(soft upbeat rap music)
- [Aretha Voiceover] You do
not put yourself in harms way.
We call the police and let
the police take care of this.
- [Jerome Voiceover]
Like they did last time?
- [Aretha Voiceover] You best
be looking out for yourself.
(tense music)
- Oh my god.
- Hey yo. Keesha. why you aint
be answering my calls. girl?
- I've been busy. J. what's up?
- Yeah my mama's house got
broken into last night.
- What you mean. what they wanted?
- Yo. that's what I've been
trying to figure out all day.
I just met up with Kevin
trying to find dude.
- What you've been going
around looking for these dudes?
You tripping. like tripping.
Yeah. you is.
- Yo. that's my house. my family. too.
- Yo. aint nobody doing this to my mama.
you hear me?
- Oh okay. well look.
You've been wilding ever
since your brother died.
you've been losing your
mind. you've been tripping.
Like I don't even know
what's going on with you.
Look. you know this not like you. though.
You know that's not you.
- Nah. nah.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Oh no.
Okay. okay. I see.
You losing your mind. for
real. you really bugging.
Like seriously. like I
don't know what's going
on with you but don't go
start digging in stuff.
like seriously. like don't go digging.
Don't go digging.
- What's up. Jerome?
What's up?
- Nothing.
- I heard this whole
little Michael situation
is messing with your head
but I'm telling you you better chill out.
You not the same as him.
- What you mean I aint like him?
- What I said.
You aint the same as him.
You don't want no smoke.
You don't know them dudes and
who they rolling with. Jerome.
- Word. facts.
- Everybody. what?
Everybody been saying that but.
I don't know. I aint
never meet none of 'em.
- Huh. well you said at the funeral
that he was turning to a ghost lately.
You know what I'm saying.
I mean you said it.
You know what I'm saying?
So what's up?
- Hey what you two been
up to today anyway?
Why nobody answering my calls?
- Chill out.
We was just having a
girl's day out. that's all.
- Yeah. baby.
You know this stuff been
messing with my head. too.
You know I just had to unplug. you know.
get my mind right and everything.
You know what I'm saying?
You already know.
- I feel that.
Aight.
- Yeah but. you know.
You know my number one. though.
You know that.
(laughing)
what?
Come on. she knows.
Come on.
- You told her?
- She knows.
- We don't keep
stuff like that from each. Jerome.
Chill out.
- Keesha. come on.
- Listen. your secret is safe with me.
You know I can keep a secret.
- Aight.
- You know what I'm saying.
we gonna keep this going
and you gonna have to text
me later or something.
All right?
- All right. I'll text you.
- Aight. I'ma see you outside.
- Yeah. I'ma see you outside.
Yo. Jerome. I'm not
gonna keep telling you.
Keep your hands off Keesha.
I see you push up on her all that.
don't be disrespectful.
You need to chill out.
I know you got a lot of stuff going on
but that aint my problem
but you gonna be my problem. all right?
Don't be pushing her.
You might do that with your other broads
but not Keesha.
You not gonna disrespect Keesha
and I'm not gonna keep telling you.
Word.
- [Man] Let's go. y'all gotta bounce.
- Word. Jerome.
- Yeah right. Brianna.
It's got nothing to do with you.
- It got all to do with me.
Everything to do with me.
- Hey yo. just step. aight?
- Don't mess with Keesha.
You mess with Keesha you messing with me.
- [Jerome] Yeah. aight.
- Its serious over here. man.
- That's crazy.
- I don't (mumbling).
Do it to my presence like that.
Yeah.
- It's crazy. man.
That's right.
- Come on. brother.
you got to get outside.
- Aight. aight. aight.
Damn.
- Let's go.
- Yo. Kevin. man.
Plan's still on.
Yeah. aight.
(soft reflective music)
- [Both] Happy mother's day.
- Oh you boys.
- We love you momma. right. Mikey?
- Yeah. we love you. mom.
- What did I do to deserve such good boys?
- You're the only girl
we need. right Mikey?
- Yeah. you're the only girl we need.
- Oh really?
- We got you something.
- Yeah. we thought we needed
a place to make memories.
- Did you do all of this by yourselves?
- [Both] Well.
- We got some help from Pastor Rodney.
- Is that so?
- Yeah. he's a really good man.
- Like.
- [Both] Really good.
- Pastor Rodney.
Pastor Rodney Rodney Rodney.
Well. why don't we see how this works?
- Okay. mom.
Mama. let me show you how it works.
- Okay. come on. let me see.
Oh my goodness.
- Move it down some.
- Okay. hold on.
- Tell Jerome
to move over. mom.
- Okay stop it. now.
- Mikey. stop.
- I can't even get
in the picture.
- Hold it right here.
Okay. on three.
One. two. three.
- [All] Cheese.
(soft reflective music)
- Jerome. it's your mama.
I just called to let you know
that I'm thinking about you.
I care for you. baby.
I love you and am happy
with the man that you are.
No matter where we are. just know.
we will always be together.
If you need me. you want
to talk. I'll be here.
Always.
- Yo where is this dude Kevin at?
Come on.
If I tell him three
he'll be here like 5:30.
(sighs)
- Boo!
- Yo.
(laughing)
Come on. man.
You can't be doing that. son.
- Yo. I got you that time. bro.
You gotta give it to me. man. Come on.
- Yeah yeah. you got me.
- Bro word. huh?
- Yeah you need to chill out with that.
- Geeze. all right boss man.
I just wanted to know what
the algorithm is. bro.
What's the moves. man?
- Bringing that bruh.
Yo. we about to get up here.
we about to get up in here. aight?
Yo. we gonna find this Eugene.
get up in his face a little bit
and figure out what the hell
he was doing here last night.
- For show.
- Feel me?
- For show. bro.
- Dang. man.
Yo. honestly. dog.
I don't really care to leave until dude
tells us what he was doing
there last night. you feel me?
- Let's get it. baby.
- Word. yo.
- Nah I mean.
Hey. good cop. bad cop?
- Bad cop bad cop.
(cheers)
(tense music)
Where the hell you get
that Rubik's Cube anyway?
- [Kevin] Hey man. you already know.
ABP. always be packing.
- Yo you packed with. you
packed with a cube. Kev?
- You know how I do.
Let's handle this biz. real quick. bro.
- Yeah right. well show
me the algorithm now.
- We got it.
We got a lot of rhythm.
you know what I'm saying?
(cheers)
- Yo. you ever talk to that Spanish chick?
- Yeah. of course. bro.
You already know.
I had to show her the algorithm.
- Yeah right. right.
- See that tells you.
I said life was like a Rubik's Cube. baby.
(soft upbeat electronic music)
- Yeah. I know she coming tonight.
I got that--
- Hey yo. bro.
Hey yo. Kev. he aint
too smooth now. is he?
- Looks like your eight ball
just hit the corner pocket
prematurely. bro.
- What?
- Let's get him.
- Yeah. bruh.
Get over here. man.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Yo. get his legs.
That's the foundation.
(groaning)
Yeah. bruh.
- Hey yo. why you was at my
mama's house last night. dog?
- I wasn't near your mother house.
I don't even know you. man.
- Talk.
- Hell you don't.
Hell you don't.
- You wearing the same hat
that you had in my
mother house last night.
- That's right.
- You wearing the same hat that you had
on in my mother's house last night. bruh.
Talking that Kbarr there's
money coming you into. dog.
You stealing from me.
stealing from my family. yo?
What's your name. man?
- Talk. talk.
- What's your name. man?
- Man. Eugene. boy.
- Eugene. bro what?
You could have last chose like Reginald
or Quincy. bro.
Yo man. what is this 1928?
- Yo. this dude a war vet?
- 1928 ass name.
- My mother gave
me that name.
(overlapping talking)
- That's the revolutionaries name. bro.
Come on. now.
- My grandmother
gave me that name. boy.
- Your grandmother gave
you that name. man.
- [Kevin] Industrial
revolution ass name. bro.
Come on. now.
- Yeah. right.
What you got a cotton gin. Eugene?
Yeah. right.
Yo. so if you aint steal from me
why you was in my mama house then. huh?
- I aint no snitch. boy.
I don't know what you're talking about.
- Hey yo. code green leprechaun.
Lets get it. lets get it. lets get it.
(overlapping talking)
- You know Mike.
You better talk.
- Yeah. how you like that?
How you like that. huh?
- Kev Kev Kev Kev Kev.
Is that the new stapler?
- Oh yeah. they got this from the bar.
You already know. they had nice one.
If you nice to the bartender
they'll good for you.
You know. that's just like a human virtue.
the golden rule. you know what I'm saying?
- Why you got a stapler. though?
- You know what I'm saying. bro?
(overlapping talking)
- So you brought a poster though. too?
He's lying.
- You already now. bro.
They had it by the bar out there.
You already know.
Touch it. touch it real quick. bro.
I talked to the bartender real quick.
spiced her up real quick.
you know what I'm saying.
slid my number real quick.
she had the stapler. you
know what I'm saying.
she got another one we
can get you in a second.
you know what I'm saying.
but you know you do good to people
people gonna do good to you.
you know what I'm saying?
But APB is the bottom line. though.
You always wanna be packing.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like step number one is ABP.
always be packing.
You know what I'm saying?
Denzel style.
Y'all seen the movie.
you know what I'm saying.
You got oh oh. I'ma oh.
(overlapping talking)
Young Bruce Lee in this.
Oh okay.
- Can we handle this real quick?
- Yeah. yeah.
(overlapping talking)
- Who are your sources. bro?
Come on now. get to talking.
- Boy you gotta talk?
Hey on five. yo.
- Yes. yes. yes. yes.
- Oh he talking. oh he talking.
- This dude got a stapler. boy.
Wow.
- So what's good?
Spill. Eugene.
- Oh I got 40 dollar girl coming later.
Y'all trying.
- All right. all right. all right.
- Yeah right.
- All right.
- Talk to me. Eugene.
So if you aint steal from me
so who pays you to do what?
- Listen man.
- Huh?
- All right. man. some chick
named Brianna seen me. man.
she ran up on me. say yo would
you like to make a stack?
I said. why not. hell yeah
I'm trying to get paid.
So she gave me the money.
told me to run up in the spot.
I just roughed it up a little bit.
I wasn't trying to hurt nobody. man.
I was just trying to get
paid. man. that's it.
Threw a couple things around.
- Yo. you did not just
say the name Brianna. bro.
- He said Brianna.
Yo. I told you she was no good. bro.
Can't believe this right here.
Can't believe this.
- Since that's out in the open.
When I was in the house I
dropped my allergy medicine
in your house. I really need it.
Over by the pillows or something.
So if it's possible I could
go back over there. man.
- What?
What?
- Hey yo. hold on. let
me get it right. war vet.
Eugene. right?
- Yeah.
- Yo. let me get this right. war vet boy.
- War vet!
- [Jerome] Yo. what you got a cotton gin
you about to bring. too. Eugene?
- What you got a printing press.
you about to spread a message?
You start a newspaper. boy?
Come on now.
How many recipes for peanuts you got?
- Yo. what you just say to me?
- When I was in your spot. I
dropped my allergy medicine.
I really need my medicine.
So if it's possible I
get. you could. somebody.
I really need my medicine.
- Louis Armstrong ass.
- [Jerome] You got the sniffles. huh?
You aint come up with an
invention yet to fix that?
- Lewis Latimer.
- [Eugene] I just need the medicine.
- Yo. war vet. let me
get this right. aight.
So Eugene. you want me
to let you come back
to the crib that you just robbed. right?
- Come on now.
- Open the door.
- Yeah.
- War vet.
- War vet. huh?
- Yo. and let a mug like you walk right
back in the front door?
I'ma let a dude with name like
Eugene come in my crib again
with his cotton gin.
- That's not logic.
- [Jerome] To pull up and
what. clean my carpet bruh?
- What?
- What you got something
you need. is that what I heard?
- Benjamin Banneker ass.
- [Jerome] So you can just
what. take what you need again?
- Yeah.
- Hey yo. Kev. get that stapler.
- Yo. yo. J J J J.
Chill. chill. chill.
Not the green leprechaun. bro.
Think about it. take
your time. take a breath.
Know what I mean?
- Yo. Brianna. son.
Yo. I got to tell Keesha.
Yo. I'ma call you.
- Aight. aight.
Aight bro.
Aight. aight bro. aight.
- Yo. can I at least get my medicine?
I can't get my meds?
I really need. man y'all got
me Takeshi 69ing out here. bro.
I can't even get my meds?
- [Man] That sounds
like a personal problem.
- Bro.
Where'd you get that hat from. anyway?
- Keesha. I know you in. girl.
Come on.
Keesha.
(soft tense music)
Keesha. it's Jerome.
We got a real problem here.
You got to call me. okay.
I'm at your house right
now but you're not here.
Call me. let me know where you're at.
Stay away from Brianna.
I think she might of done
something to Michael.
Call me back.
Come on. Keesha.
(soft tense music)
- Wow.
You're nothing but consistent.
You all right. son?
You looked troubled.
- Don't I always?
- Depends on the night.
- I made a lot of mistakes. Pastor.
- They're part of the journey.
- And where does this
journey lead to. Pastor?
- Let me tell you something.
When you were a little boy.
you and your brother used
to run allover this church.
Wherever Michael was there was Jerome.
You all found places in this church
that we didn't even know existed.
Did you know that?
Can I tell you something. son?
A few Sundays before Michael disappeared.
a few weeks before Michael disappeared.
he was right here in this church.
- What?
- Yeah.
sitting right over there.
We sat over there. we talked.
Yeah. he came before
you usually showed up.
We had a nice long talk.
He told me had some regrets in his life.
How he regretted not being
there for you and your mother
like he wanted to be
and how the lifestyle that he was living.
you know. made it difficult
for him to reach to you all
and for you all to reach out to him.
It really bothered him.
You know what else he told me?
He said that he looked
up to he. he admired you.
Yeah.
- Yeah right.
- That's true.
You know. many people
thought that it was you
who looked up to him. you
wanted to be like him.
But it was just the other way around.
Son. he really loved you.
- Pastor I got. I got to tell you.
- What. about Keesha?
Yeah. I knew about her.
I've always known about her.
- Did Michael know?
- No. Michael never knew.
- Wait. then how?
- How did I know?
Son listen. let me tell you something.
when you have dealt with the lord
the way that I have over
all these past years
and when you've had to deal with people
the way that I've had to deal with people.
you learn a few things. a few
things are revealed to you.
- Well. Pastor I know it's wrong.
- That may be true.
- But I feel like it's my fault he's gone.
- No. no. no that's definitely not true.
Michael loved you. that's a fact.
- Pastor. I don't even know how to--
- What. what son. what?
Jerome.
Jerome. what do you want to do?
What does your mother want you to do?
Son. I'm not trying to
force you to do anything.
I would never do that.
I'm not gonna try and
force you to be anything
or any way. think anyway
but I want you to be true to yourself.
Be true to your mother.
Because God sees everything.
Truth is the way of the light.
Son. look I got to get ready to go.
- You leaving?
- Yeah man. I got to go.
I got an appointment I got to keep.
You gonna be all right?
- Yeah.
- Now son. I'm here for you.
You got my cell number?
- Yeah.
- I'm here for you.
All right. God bless you.
- You as well. Pastor.
- All right. let me hurry up.
- Keesha. I. listen. we have to talk.
- What up. J?
- Keesha. what are you doing here?
How did you get in here?
- You know I got a spare key.
- But it's after midnight.
- I got a clock. J. I
know what time it is.
- Listen. Brianna--
- Yes. Jerome.
- Brianna. what are you doing here?
- Keesha brought me.
we was looking for you.
- Yeah. baby.
Now what was you gonna say about Brianna?
- Keesha. we need to talk for a second.
- But we are talking.
- Alone.
- Oh baby. but you don't
want to be rude to Brianna.
- Does my mama know you're--
- Course I do. baby.
These two ladies and I have been chatting.
- Chatting?
- Yeah baby. chatting.
- It's so late. mama.
- Well J. we worry about you.
- Yeah. J. we worried about you.
- They letting me know all of
what you been getting into.
- Mama. what you mean?
- They been talking
all about the craziness
you've been putting yourself through today
looking into Michael's business.
(somber music)
You need to take care of yourself.
He made his choice. Jerome.
- Yeah. J.
- They're letting me
know they care about you.
Just like me.
Well. it's well past my bedtime.
I won't lie.
Y'all sure had me scared
thinking y'all some intruders
when I came downstairs.
But I'm glad you two came.
If you need me. Jerome.
I'll be right here.
- What's going on?
- What you mean?
- Keesha. I. Brianna. she the one.
She paid the guy to bust up in here.
- What. Jerome you sound crazy.
- Yeah. Jerome. what
are you talking about?
- Really?
Because I know for a fact you was.
- You done lost your damn mind.
- Why the hell would you do this?
This don't make any damn sense.
- Come on. J.
You need to use your brain.
Don't be making accusations like that.
- Listen.
- You know something. J.
the strangest thing
happened about an hour ago.
I got a message on my
phone from your number
and a voice that sounded a lot like yours
saying that they didn't
want to be with me no more.
Aint that funny. Jerome?
- Keesha. this aint the way.
- 'cause why would a man
say no to me. you feel me?
- Keesha. what we've been
doing. it's not right.
It's not right.
- You scared baby. I see it.
I feel it.
You've been acting different
ever since Michael was found.
But I did this for us. for me and you.
- What you say?
- You don't got to be
scared no more. baby.
- Nah. nah Keesha. you
said something else. too.
- Nah. you hearing things.
- What you mean you did it all for us?
- So yeah. J. I got that voicemail
and you want to know what
I did when I got it? '
I laughed and then I called
Bri and she laughed with me
and you want to know why?
'Cause it was funny.
It's a joke. it had to be a joke
'cause if it wasn't a
joke what kind of man
would call it off with a woman this good?
- Yeah. what kind of man
gonna do that. Jerome?
- And that's why I laughed.
J. 'cause I knew it was a joke
and if you wasn't joking you
better start reevaluating yourself
'cause I didn't put in all this work
for you to act like
this is all for nothing.
- Keesha. what are you talking bout?
- Our future. J.
Me and you.
- Keesha. if you think
there's a future between us
then you better start
telling me the truth.
Spill.
- Oh okay.
Alright. baby.
Well here you go.
Maybe Bri did pay that
MAGA wearing ass nigga
come rough up the house.
- Keesha. that's what I'm saying.
- But who's money do you think she used?
- What?
- You know that your loan
that your brother had got?
- Yeah.
- Well that wasn't no loan.
- What you talking about?
- Well. you know those scratch tickets
that he was getting at the gas station?
Well around Thanksgiving. one of them hit.
- Big ticket.
- And why the hell she knew all this?
- Well maybe if you listen. J.
you'll hear everything
that you need to know.
(horn honking)
You call the cops?
- Keesha. you know I aint call no police.
I handle my own business.
- Bri. go outside and see what's up.
I want to make sure that don't nobody
interrupt me and my man.
- Aight. Keesha. I got you.
- Yeah you know what. as a matter of fact.
stay out there and keep watch.
I'll let you know
whenever we done in here.
- Jerome. don't let a good
thing go to waste. now.
- Like I said. J.
Michael wasn't no husband.
not no real one anyway.
But we have been doing
this for what. three.
four months now?
- No!
- Oh I'll say about five.
I'll count the time me
and you did in the car
at his birthday party.
- No. shut up shut up shut up.
- But now I have this money.
this power. this freedom.
I told Michael not to tell nobody.
Figured he'd tell you. though.
- He said it was a
small loan. a few grand.
- Really?
- What?
- It was a lot more than a few grand.
- How much was it. Keesha?
Keesha.
- Enough for a new life.
That's when I decided to make one.
- So what are you saying?
- Michael needed to disappear.
Everybody knew that he was
dealing with them shady people.
It was easy.
- Don't you tell me.
- All those ropes and chains that Michael
had in his shed?
Well they in my basement now.
See. when I was a little girl.
I went to camp and I learned
how to tie a lot of knots.
- No. no. no. no.
- Don't worry. J.
I fed him good for two months.
I let him watch TV and
everything to keep him calm.
I aint that bad of a person. am I?
- And then you killed him?
- Killed him?
I don't like using words like that.
He had been dying on his
own since I knew him.
I just put him to sleep.
Shot him up with some of that good stuff
that you get off Prospect
and then me and Bri drug his body
out into the street one night.
you know. then we paid that
Eugene to come rough up
the house a little bit. you know.
to act like he owe somebody a
little bit of money and stuff.
Like I said. it was easy.
- You little--
- Aretha. help!
See in about 30 seconds your
mothers gonna come down here
and it's up to what she sees.
Did a spider scare me or
did her last living son
put his fist through my face?
- She aint gonna believe none of that.
- Why don't you try to find out?
See your mother and me. we're friends now.
See. I'm a player. J. I
knew how to play the game.
That's why you wanted me
and that's why you still want me.
(tense music)
So what they gonna believe?
That poor widow Keesha
had her husband chained up
in the basement for two months
or that you just had him killed
just so you can get some?
- Oh.
- I know what I believe.
- Mama.
- I heard it all son. I heard it all.
Come here.
- Oh mama. I'm so sorry.
I never meant to.
- I knew she was playing the
second that redhead heifer
came up in here tonight.
- You saved me. mama.
- I told you she wasn't no
good. Jerome. I told you.
(tense action music)
- Wait. what about Brianna?
- You rang?
- [Jerome] Kevin.
- Yo. Bri Bri was out here
looking like she was up
to some business and I
asked her what she was doing
out here. she reached
for the pepper spray.
so I smacked her up real quick.
She's out in the parking
lot right now. bro.
- Ha. my man.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
What the hell happened here?
Sorry. Ms. Washington.
- Yo. she killed Michael.
Yo. Michael hit it big in
a lottery. nobody knew.
She kept him in the basement for months
and killed him for the money.
Wanted to start new with me.
- Crazy ho.
- What is going on down here?
- [Both] Pastor Rodney.
- Yeah. hey dude.
Hey. how doing?
- It's fine now.
- Pastor. you was in this
house this whole time?
- He's a heavy sleeper. Jerome.
- Mama.
- Mrs. W.
- [Aretha] You two better
fix your tongues. you hear?
- What's up?
- Oh hell no.
- Its cool. he's with me.
We talked more after you left the Y.
he's been doing security
detail with me tonight
just because of all the
trouble he's caused.
Matter of fact. he's the
one who noticed Brianna
reach for her pepper spray.
- Yeah. I just want a second chance. man.
Can we make America great together?
Look man. you know. like
allergies last time I was out here
dropped something. my medicine?
I'm just gonna go look for my medicine.
Y'all got bodies down here?
Hey man I watched that
movie on the cable channel.
don't. I'm touching nothing
but my medicine man.
- Come on. y'all we got
to pray on that one.
- Yeah we can use a prayer.
We can definitely use a prayer.
- [Aretha] Hallelujah.
- Father in the name of Jesus. lord.
we thank you for saving
us from the evil. lord.
Yes. lord.
(overlapping praying)
We praise you know. lord.
- Thank you father.
(overlapping prayer)
- Thank you for our family.
Thank you for my Aretha.
Thank you lord in everything.
You gracious. in Jesus. lord.
Thank you for delivering us. lord.
from the mind of sin.
We here. lord. to give
you praise and glory.
(overlapping praying)
My Aretha. lord.
I thank you for delivering
them to me. now.
Thank you.
- My mama.
(funky bass line)
(overlapping prayer)
- We say amen. we say amen again.
I just want y'all to say amen.
- [All] Amen.
- All right. now.
Say ah
That's funk right there
I say ah
I said ah
That's funk right there
Yo you can't lie to me
Got my primary source
What I'm speaking about
Is the funk of course
Other dope people in the place to be
Funky fresh
Dressed to impress
Ready to party
Come along over here with me
And if you dig the vibe
Let me hear you scream
Its the place to be
Now I know that you're alive with me
So
Let's go
Let's let's go
To a solid place with so much soul
Getting down is the only goal
Handle your biz
Out on the dance floor
Say ah
That's funk right there
I said ah
I say ah
That's funk right there
I'm on point
Swag on fleek
Man can't you see
I made the choice
Made the choice to be this funky
Its like style
Yes its on my mind all of the time
And I know when the groove is the room
Everything is all fine
You gotta get down
With your bad self
You can swing it to the big sound
No time to play
With no connect
When you step up
Want to make her say
Say ah
That's funk right there
I say ah
Bridge
Say ah
That's funk right there
I say ah
- Feel the spirit of the
lord in this mother...
(laughing)